Add details about non-migratable VMs (#849)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/automatic.md

## VM management through the upgrade

### Live-migratable VMs

Those [live-migratable VMs](../vm/live-migration.md#live-migratable-vms) are live migrated to other nodes automatically via [batch-migrations](../vm/live-migration.md#automatically-triggered-batch-migrations) when the hosting node is to be upgraded, they have zero down-time through the upgrade.

### Non-migratable VMs

When an upgrade is triggered, Harvester does a couple of checks, and depends on the value of [upgrade-config setting option `restoreVM`](../advanced/settings.md#upgrade-config):

- False: Harvester refuses the upgrade when any [non-migratable VM](../vm/live-migration.md#non-migratable-vms) is still running. You need to power off them manually.

- True: Harvester will power off those [non-migratable VM](../vm/live-migration.md#non-migratable-vms) when the node is upgraded and then restore them after the node is rebooted.

See [Phase 4: Upgrade Nodes](./troubleshooting.md#phase-4-upgrade-nodes) for more details.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we can frame this from a "managing workload disruption during upgrade" perspective, in the "Before starting an upgrade" section. I think it's important that user understands how upgrade will affect their workloads, how Harvester manages some of these unavoidable downtime cases, and what the user can do if something went wrong.

E.g.,
```diff
diff --git a/docs/upgrade/automatic.md b/docs/upgrade/automatic.md
index 2f837bef31..824cdd1a8b 100644
--- a/docs/upgrade/automatic.md
+++ b/docs/upgrade/automatic.md
@@ -81,16 +81,37 @@ When a Rancher version reaches its End of Maintenance (EOM) date, Harvester only
 
 Check out the available [`upgrade-config` setting](../advanced/settings.md#upgrade-config) to tweak the upgrade strategies and behaviors that best suit your cluster environment.
 
+### Planning For Workloads Disruption
+
+During the upgrade process, Harvester maintains the uptime of virtual machine workloads via virtual machine [live migration]. Before a node is upgraded, its migratable workloads are seamlessly moved to other available, compatible nodes, without disrupting the workloads' existing states.
+
+Harvester uses a number of criteria to assess if a workload is live-migratable and if a target node is compatible to run the workload. For more information, see the [Live Migration] page.
+
+:::caution
+
+It is possible for the live migration to fail. When this happens, the node would appear to be stuck in the [`pre-drain`](troubleshooting.md#phase-4-upgrade-nodes) phase.
+
+Admin-level intervention is usually required to resolve failed live migration.
+
+:::
+
+For non-migratable workloads during the upgrade, Harvester provides the [`restoreVM`](../advanced/settings.md#upgrade-config) configuration within the `upgrade-config` setting to help mitigate the disruption.
+
+The `restoreVM` configuration can be set to two values:
+
+- `False`: Harvester halts the upgrade of a node if the node hosts any non-migratable virtual machines. You need to power off these virtual machines manually before proceeding with the upgrade. Use this option if you want to have full control over the disruption window.
+- `True`: Harvester will automatically power off any non-migratable virtual machines before upgrading the node. When the node upgrade is completed successfully, Harvester willl attempt to restart these virtual machines. Use this option if you want to let Harvester manage the disruption.
+ 
```

Author: The `workloads` here include VMs and other internal/external container deployments. It will be a more general topic upon upgrade to explain the steps to move workloads away. It needs another PR to expand those details.

This PR, as issue https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/8823 requested, focus on the live-migration of VM. thanks.

> See [Phase 4: Upgrade Nodes](./troubleshooting.md#phase-4-upgrade-nodes) for more details.

Author: `Upgrade` is a `user` of `live-migration` and `setting`, but has upgrade's strategy to control the behaviour of non-migratable VMs.

I agree it is a bit redundant, but still, those minor differences need to be documented clearly. `live-migration.md` can't describe "upgrade will power off non-migratable VMs when..."; `setting.md` can't describe "Harvester refuses the upgrade when any [non-migratable virtual machine](./live-migration.md#non-migratable-virtual-machines) is still running", only the upgrade `automatic.md` is the place.

When a Rancher version reaches its End of Maintenance (EOM) date, Harvester only provides fixes for critical security-related issues that affect integration functions (Virtualization Management). For more information, see the [Harvester & Rancher Support Matrix](https://www.suse.com/suse-harvester/support-matrix/all-supported-versions/).

## Virtual Machine Management through the Upgrade

### Live-migratable Virtual Machines

Those [live-migratable virtual machines](../vm/live-migration.md#live-migratable-virtual-machines) are live migrated to other nodes automatically via [batch-migrations](../vm/live-migration.md#automatically-triggered-batch-migrations) when the hosting node is to be upgraded.

:::info

The live-migratable virtual machines will experience zero downtime.

:::

> ### Non-migratable Virtual Machines
> 
> When an upgrade is triggered, Harvester does a couple of checks, and depends on the value of [upgrade-config setting option `restoreVM`](../advanced/settings.md#upgrade-config):
> 
> - False: Harvester refuses the upgrade when any [non-migratable virtual machine](../vm/live-migration.md#non-migratable-virtual-machines) is still running. You need to power off them manually.
> 
> - True: Harvester will power off those [non-migratable virtual machines](../vm/live-migration.md#non-migratable-virtual-machines) when the node is upgraded and then restore them after the node is rebooted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Non-Migratable Virtual Machines

When an upgrade is triggered, Harvester performs certain actions depending on the value of the [`upgrade-config`](../advanced/settings.md#upgrade-config) setting's `restoreVM` option.

- `false`: Harvester does not perform the upgrade when [non-migratable virtual machines](../vm/live-migration.md#non-migratable-virtual-machines) are still running. You must manually power off the virtual machines.
- `true`: Harvester automatically powers off non-migratable virtual machines when the node is upgraded and then restores them after the node is rebooted.
```

> :::caution
> 
> The non-migratable virtual machines will experience unavoidable downtime.
> 
> :::
> 
> See [Phase 4: Upgrade Nodes](./troubleshooting.md#phase-4-upgrade-nodes) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::caution

Non-migratable virtual machines experience downtime during migration.

:::

For more information, see [Phase 4: Upgrade Nodes](./troubleshooting.md#phase-4-upgrade-nodes).
```
